Explain what is meant by the stream abstraction. What is the relationship between streams and the observer pattern?
What are streams useful for modelling and when might you use them in Rich Web development?

Stream abstraction refers to a way of modelling asynchronous data sources. A stream is essentially a collection
of data, which can be formed from any sort of data source and can observe and react to changes in that data which
is subscribed to that stream.

The definition of an observer pattern is a software design pattern in which an object, called the subject,
maintains a list of its dependents, called observers, and notifies them automatically of any state changes,
usually by calling one of their methods. In this sense the subject is observed by the stream and components
of the application are notified and possibly changed as a result of a change in the subject. Streams can be
useful in situations where data is changed from a source, for example an API, a stream monitoring this API
is informed and transformed based on the changed data.





Assume that you are building an interface to an API in your Rich Web App. Describe in detail how you could use
the RxJS library to handle asynchronous network responses to API requests. In your opinion, what are the benefits
to using a streams library for networking over, say, promises? And what do you think are the downsides?

I would create an observer to monitor the changes of a data source, in this case the data being from the API request. I would
then subscribe to the observer to interact with the data that has been passed in asynchronously to manipulate/display it in some
way.

Stream libraries such as rxjs or other have the benefit of reading in data in chunks as opposed to all in one, abstracting
the need to worry about synchronisation problems that promises would have to deal with. One big downside however is the
need for large external packages required to implement streams, as they are not part of the core javascript API, as well as the
need for a mode bundler like webpack to allow these packages to be imported in the first place.
